https://codepen.io/triciadrich/pen/qBOxKYO 

1. What is Semantic HTML?
 	HTML that gives meaning. (readable, organized, easier for machines and people)

    2. What is HTML used for? 
	to create webpages

    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
	an attribute defines more characteristics of an element and is placed at the opening of the tag.

    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
        Used as a heading. Should only be used once.

    5. Name two tags that have required attributes.
	img and a

    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
	<head>

    7. What is an id? 
	Used to select a unique element

    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
	Any HTML element

    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
	Once

    10. What is a class? 
	selects individual elements with a class applied to it

    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
	Any

    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
	Multiple

    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
	target="_blank">

    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 
	Used as an alternate display if the image does not load.
    15. How do I reference an id?
	#

    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
         A section defines sections in a page and is considered semantic HTML. A div is presentational, 
	divide the page for styling purposes.

    17. What is CSS used for? 
	To style a page. 

    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
	h2 {}

    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
	A class can be used multiple times while an id can only be used once. ID's have a high specificity 
	and should only ber used when it's the only way to target an element.

    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
	With a .

    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
	.human

    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful?

 
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
	div.sidebar a{

    24. What is a pseudo selector?
	Selects elements that are in a certain state. For instance :hover, :first-child.

    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
	line-height

    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
	letter-spacing

    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
	text-transform

    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
	border: 1px dotted black;

    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
	*
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
	/*comment*/

    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
	status

    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
	ls

    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
	rm, be careful because it does not ask you if you are sure.

    34. Why should I use version control? 
	tracking changes, easier to find a bug
	
    35. How often should I commit to github?
	after making changes

    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
	git push

    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
	Fork repo, Add tl as collaborator, Clone, Create a branch, submit pr compare acrocss forks, 
	add tl as reviewer, create pull request

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
	A block element starts on a new line and takes up the whole width on the left and right.
	An inline element does not and only takes up needed space.
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
	Apply an id or class to an inline element
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 



   --> 